com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/KeyboardOrBuilder.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.KeyboardOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/GPUOrBuilder.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.GPUOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/LaptopMessage.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.LaptopMessage
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/CPUOrBuilder.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.CPUOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/LaptopOrBuilder.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.LaptopOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/Keyboard.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Keyboard
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Keyboard$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Keyboard$Builder
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Keyboard$Layout
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Keyboard$Layout$1
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/ScreenOrBuilder.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.ScreenOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/MemoryMessage.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.MemoryMessage
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/Laptop.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Laptop
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Laptop$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Laptop$2
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Laptop$Builder
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Laptop$WeightCase
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/KeyboardMessage.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.KeyboardMessage
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/Storage.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Storage
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Storage$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Storage$Builder
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Storage$Driver
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Storage$Driver$1
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/ScreenMessage.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.ScreenMessage
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/CPU.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.CPU
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.CPU$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.CPU$Builder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/Memory.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Memory
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Memory$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Memory$Builder
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Memory$Unit
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Memory$Unit$1
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/MemoryOrBuilder.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.MemoryOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/GPU.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.GPU
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.GPU$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.GPU$Builder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/ProcessorMessage.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.ProcessorMessage
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/StorageOrBuilder.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.StorageOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/sample/Generator.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.sample.Generator
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/StorageMessage.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.StorageMessage
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/pb/Screen.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$Builder
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$Panel
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$Panel$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$Resolution
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$Resolution$1
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$Resolution$Builder
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.pb.Screen$ResolutionOrBuilder
com/gitlab/techschool/pcbook/serializer/Serializer.java
 com.gitlab.techschool.pcbook.serializer.Serializer
